Update cet-setup.md (#2615)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-error-tracking/getting-started/cet-setup.md

Consider the following Kubernetes deployment example for a Java application:

```
kind: Deployment
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      volumes:
        - name: et-agent
          emptyDir: {}
      initContainers:
        - name: init-et-agent
          image: harness/et-agent-sidecar
          imagePullPolicy: Always
          volumeMounts:
            - name: et-agent
              mountPath: /opt/harness-et-agent

      containers:
        - name: my-javaapp-container
          image: my-javaapp-image
          env:
            - name: JAVA_TOOL_OPTIONS
              value: "-agentpath:/opt/harness-et-agent/harness/lib/libETAgent.so"
            - name: ET_COLLECTOR_URL
              value: "https://collector.et.harness.io/prod1/"
            - name: ET_APPLICATION_NAME
              value: my-javaapp
            - name: ET_DEPLOYMENT_NAME
              value: 1
            - name: ET_ENV_ID
              value: production
            - name: ET_TOKEN
              value: b34*****-****-****-****-***********42a
          volumeMounts:
            - name: et-agent
              mountPath: /opt/harness-et-agent
```

> By using a shared volume, the init-container will execute and install the harness-et-agent in the path `/opt/harness-et-agent` this is than mounted into target container `my-javaapp-container` using the volume mount. Enivornment variables are defined

Reviewer: ```suggestion

By using a shared volume, the init-container executes and installs the harness-et-agent in the path `/opt/harness-et-agent`. This installation is then mounted into the target container `my-javaapp-container` using the volume mount. To properly configure and optimize the functionality of the Agent, ensure to set the variables listed in the following table:
```

Reviewer: @cseverino789 , please let me know if proposed change sounds good.
